I'm not going back.
Can'er doesn't want to go back
You will marry
There is no opportunity to cooperate with Huacan Group
Can I be your biological father?
You can't just wait and see!
You now know that you are Can'er's biological father
Just now
Lu Sisi announced that he was the heir
You still want to stop him
It's there.
You don't want to believe him
You can see over the years
How biased are you against Can'er?
That's because his hands and feet are dirty.
We don't want to believe him.
I've never stolen anything.
Up to this second
I have a clear conscience towards your Jiang family
Can'er's father really knew he was wrong
Enough, Xiao Can's father has already apologized
What more do you want?
Do you still want Dad to kneel down and admit your mistake?
See this paper? What's wrong?